Today is a beautiful day, because we're
going to bake loads of cookies.
All of these are easy, one -bowl recipes,
and the cookies that result are soft and
chewy, just the way I like them.
As always, you can find the link to the
blog post in the description box below
for the full breakdown of the recipes,
and no more introduction needed.
I'm sure you're ready to dive in, as am
I, so let's get started.
We'll start by making these peanut butter
and chocolate oatmeal cookies, which take
only 15 minutes to make from start to
finish, and use just 7 ingredients with
no added sugar, oil, or flour.
For those who use metric measurements,
like grams and milliliters, please note I
always include this in my blog post, so
check the links in the description box below.
Now, this recipe calls for quick oats,
but if, like me, you only have regular
oats, you can always make your own by
throwing them into a food processor and
blend until coarsely chopped.
Now, you're just going to want to add the
bananas to a large bowl and mash until
you achieve a rather fluid consistency,
then you add the vanilla extract and
peanut butter and mix it all together.
At this point, you can add the
cranberries, roasted coconut flakes,
chocolate, and oats, stirring until it's
all well combined.
The mixture should create about 12
cookies, so you'll first roll it into a
ball and then press it down to create a
cookie shape.
Place it on a cookie tray lined with
baking paper, and you don't need to leave
so much room between the cookies because
they won't spread.
Bake it in the oven at 350 Fahrenheit or
180 Celsius for about 10 -12 minutes, or
until the tops turn golden.
Remove it from the oven and allow it to
cool for a couple of minutes before you
transfer it to a cooling rack to cool completely.
In my opinion, these cookies can hardly
be called dessert in the conventional
sense, in that they're just too wholesome
and make for a wonderful snack that
anyone will enjoy, kids or adults alike.
This is just to show you how soft and
chewy the cookies are, and they taste so
good, you won't even believe that they're
so healthy too.
Alright, moving on to cookie recipe
number two, blueberry almond breakfast cookies.
As the recipe name suggests, these
cookies can make for a quick grab -and
-go breakfast if you really can't find a
time for a sit -down meal, but I
personally use it more as a snack or dessert.
Like the previous recipe, these cookies
are made with no added sugar, oil, or
flour, and feature some super wholesome
ingredients, including antioxidant -rich
blueberries, fiber, and omega -3
powerhouses like flax and chia seeds, as
well as applesauce and a banana, which
not only add natural sweetness, but also
function similarly to oil in baked
treats, but of course, these fruits are
much more nutritious than oil.